hello Scavo it's good to be home
if I had told you eight years ago that
America would reverse a Great Recession
reboot our auto industry and unleash the
longest stretch of job creation in our
history
if I had told you now we would open up a
new chapter with the Cuban people shut
down Iran's nuclear weapons program
without firing a shot
take out the mastermind of 9/11 if I
have told you that we would win marriage
equality and secure the right to health
insurance for another 20 million of our
fellow citizens
if I told you all that you might have
said our sights were set a little too
high but that's what we did I can't do
that
after my election there was talk of a
post-racial America and such a vision
however well intended was never
realistic race remains a potent and
often divisive course in our society if
you're tired of arguing with strangers
on the internet try talking with one of
them in real life if you're disappointed
by your elected officials grab a
clipboard get some signatures and run
for office yourself show up dive in stay
at it sometimes you will win sometimes
you lose Michelle Livan Robinson girl of
the South Side
we made the White House a place that
belongs to everybody and a new
generation sets its sights hired because
it has you as a role model Malia and
Sasha of all that I have done in my life
I am most proud to be your dad for to
many of us it's become safer to retreat
into our own bubbles whether in our
neighborhoods or on college campuses or
places of worship or especially our
social media feeds surrounded by people
who look like us and share the same
political outlook and never challenge
our assumptions and increasingly we
become so secure in our bubbles that we
start accepting only information whether
it's true or not that fits our opinions
instead of basing our opinions on the
evidence that is out there I am asking
you to hold fast to that faith written
into our founding documents that idea
whispered by slaves and abolitionists
that spirit sung by immigrants and
homesteaders and those who march for
justice that Creed reaffirmed by those
who planted flags from foreign
battlefields to the surface of the Moon
a Creed at the core of every American
whose story is not yet written yes we
can yes we did yes we can
thank you god bless you
you